.I 1
.W
What problems and concerns are there in making up descriptive titles?
What difficulties are involved in automatically retrieving articles from
approximate titles?
What is the usual relevance of the content of articles to their titles?
.I 2
.W
How can actually pertinent data, as opposed to references or entire articles
themselves, be retrieved automatically in response to information requests?
.I 3
.W
What is information science?  Give definitions where possible.
.I 4
.W
Image recognition and any other methods of automatically
transforming printed text into computer-ready form.
.I 5
.W
What special training will ordinary researchers and businessmen need for proper
information management and unobstructed use of information retrieval systems?
What problems are they likely to encounter?
.I 6
.W
What possibilities are there for verbal communication between computers and
humans, that is, communication via the spoken word?
.I 7
.W
Describe presently working and planned systems for publishing and printing
original papers by computer, and then saving the byproduct, articles coded in
data-processing form, for further use in retrieval.
.I 8
.W
Describe information retrieval and indexing in other languages.
What bearing does it have on the science in general?
.I 9
.W
What possibilities are there for automatic grammatical and contextual analysis
of articles for inclusion in an information retrieval system?
.I 10
.W
The use of abstract mathematics in information retrieval, e.g. group theory.
.I 11
.W
What is the need for information consolidation, evaluation, and retrieval in
scientific research?
.I 12
.W
Give methods for high speed publication, printing, and distribution of
scientific journals.
.I 13
.W
What criteria have been developed for the objective evaluation of information
retrieval and dissemination systems?
.I 14
.W
What future is there for automatic medical diagnosis?
.I 15
.W
How much do information retrieval and dissemination systems, as well as
automated libraries, cost?
Are they worth it to the researcher and to industry?
.I 16
.W
What systems incorporate multiprogramming or remote stations in information
retrieval?  What will be the extent of their use in the future?
.I 17
.W
Means of obtaining large volume, high speed, customer usable
information retrieval output.
.I 18
.W
What methods are there for encoding, automatically matching,
and automatically drawing structures extended in two dimensions,
like the structural formulas for chemical compounds?
.I 19
.W
Techniques of machine matching and machine searching systems.
Coding and matching methods.
.I 20
.W
Testing automated information systems.
.I 21
.W
The need to provide personnel for the information field.
.I 22
.W
Automated information in the medical field.
.I 23
.W
Amount of use of books in libraries.
Relation to need for automated information systems .
.I 24
.W
Educational and training requirements for personnel in the information field.
Possibilities for this training.  Needs for programs providing this training.
.I 25
.W
International systems for exchange and dissemination of information.
.I 26
.W
Cost and determination of cost associated with systems of automated information.
.I 27
.W
Computerized information retrieval systems.  Computerized indexing systems.
.I 28
.W
Computerized information systems in fields related to chemistry.
.I 29
.W
Specific advantages of computerized index systems.
.I 30
.W
Information dissemination by journals and periodicals.
.I 31
.W
Information systems in the physical sciences.
.I 32
.W
Attempts at computerized and mechanized systems for general libraries.
Problems and methods of automated general author and title indexing systems.
.I 33
.W
Retrieval systems which provide for the automated transmission of information
to the user from a distance.
.I 34
.W
Methods of coding used in computerized index systems.
.I 35
.W
Government supported agencies and projects dealing with information dissemination.
.I 37
.W
What lists of words useful for indexing or classifying material are
available?  Wanted are lists of terms that are descriptive vocabularies
of particular fields or schedules of words that are related to each other
in meaningful schemes.  Wanted are lists that have been tested, at least to
some extent, and found useful for organizing material and for retrieving it.

.I 39
.W
The progress of information retrieval presents problems of maladjustment
and dislocation of personnel.  Training and retraining of people to use
the new equipment is important at all levels.  Librarians, assistants,
technicians, students, researchers, and even executives will need education
to learn the purpose, values, and uses of information systems and hardware.
What programs have been developed to change the attitudes and skills of
traditional workers and help them to learn the newer techniques?

.I 41
.W
Is alphabetical ordering of material considered to be a useful tool in
information retrieval?  What studies have been done to compare the
effectiveness of alphabetical order with other organization schemes?
Is there a generally accepted form of arranging material in
alphabetical order, and is there an easy way of achieving this form
without going to a great amount of effort?

.I 42
.W
The average student or researcher has difficulty in comprehending the
vocabulary of information retrieval.  It appears important that this
new field be understood before it is to be fully accepted.  What basic
articles would provide an understanding of the various important aspects
of the information storage and retrieval?

.I 43
.W
The difficulties encountered in information retrieval systems are often
less related to the equipment used than to the failure to plan
adequately for document analysis, indexing, and machine coding.  The
position of the programmer is to take a problem and write it in a way
in which the equipment will understand.  What articles have been written
describing research in maximizing the effectiveness of programming?

.I 44
.W
There are presently fifty to one hundred technical journals being
published.  On the average, two new journals appear every day.  In
the many journals published, one to two million articles appear every
year.  What attempts have been made to cope with this amount of
scientific and technical publication in terms of analysis, control,
storage, and retrieval?

.I 45
.W
I am looking for information about the impact of automation on
libraries and its significance for libraries in general.  This includes
the increasing importance of automation in view of the proliferation of
information today, and how automation can help libraries cope with
this problem.  How will automation affect libraries and how should they
react to the idea of automation?

.I 46
.W
I am seeking information on the use of data processing in libraries and
the mechanization of routine library processes and procedures.  I would
like descriptions of both general and specific applications of
automation in such areas as circulation, cataloging, acquisitions,
serial records, and other record-keeping.  Examples should be based on
the operation of a conventional public or university library, or
practices in a special library which could also be applied in a public
or university library.  Give descriptions of equipment and operations,
both present and projected.

.I 49
.W
Most resources have been spent on applying information retrieval
techniques to the physical and medical sciences.  But, has information
retrieval been used at all in the natural sciences, social sciences,
and humanities?  If so, what have been some of the problems which have
been encountered with these subject areas and how have they been
solved, if at all?  Have the characteristics of these subject areas
necessitated the development of new information retrieval techniques?
What are the prospcts for future machine control in these areas?

.I 50
.W
Is there any use for traditional classification schemes - DDC, UDC, LC,
etc. - in information retrieval systems?  If there is, which scheme
appears most suited to machine use and where has it been applied?
If there is not, why are these classification schemes irrelevant?
Has research shown that a subject classification of knowledge is
completely unnecessary in machine systems? Or, have new schemes
been devised which appear to be more suited to machine use?

.I 52
.W
What are the characteristics of MEDLARS (Medical Literature Analysis
and Retrieval System) project which has been undertaken by the
National Library of Medicine?  How does it index current medical
journals and of what relation is this indexing system to Index Medicus?
What are the major components of the MEDLARS project and its major operating
details?

.I 54
.W
What is the effect on librarians of automation?  Note the new types
of technology to be used in the library which will have an effect on
the status, position, and function of the librarians.  What changes
are being contemplated or have been initiated to introduce automation
into the education of librarians?

.I 55
.W
What are the aims and objectives of the medical literature analysis
and retrieval system (MEDLARS)?  How does MEDLARS operate?  What are
the possible applications of MEDLARS to future information retrieval
systems?

.I 56
.W
The standard method of finding information in today's libraries is
through the use of the alphabetically arranged card catalog or the
classified catalog based on a classification system such as the DC or
LC.  Can these systems be modified for use with automated information
retrieval?

.I 57
.W
In catalogs which are either arranged alphabetically or arranged by
classification number, the LC entry, printed in readable language, is
ultimately important because the individual looking for information
has a definite author, title, or subject phrase in his language
(probably English in our case) in mind.  Will LC entries and subject
headings be used in the same manner in automated systems?



.I 58
.W
    Bibliographic control before and after MARC is reviewed.  The capability
of keying into online systems brought an interdependence among libraries,
the service centers that mediate between them, and the large utilities that
process and distribute data.  From this has developed the basic network
structure among libraries in the United States.  The independent development
of major networks has brought problems in standardization and coordination.
The authors point out that while technology has led toward centralization
of automated library services, new developments are now pushing toward
decentralization.  Coordination is a requirement to avoid fragmentation in
this new environment.
.I 61
.W
    The way that individuals construct and modify search queries on a
large interactive document retrieval system is subject to systematic biases
similar to those that have been demonstrated in experiments on judgements
under uncertainty.  These biases are shared by both naive and sophisticated
subjects and cause the inquirer searching for documents on a large interactive
system to construct and modify queries inefficiently.  A searching algorithm
is suggested that helps the inquirer to avoid the effect of these biases.
.I 62
.W
    This article concerns the problem of how to permit a patron to
represent the relative importance of various index terms in a Boolean
request while retaining the desirable properties of a Boolean system.
The character of classical Boolean systems is reviewed and related to the
notion of fuzzy sets.  The fuzzy set concept then forms the basis of the
concept of a fuzzy request in which weights are assigned to index terms.
Ther properties of such a system are discussed, and it is shown that such
systems retain the manipulability of traditional Boolean requests.
.I 65
.W
    The use of document clusters has been suggested as an efficient file
organization for a document retrieval system.  It is possible that by
using this information about the relationships between documents that the
effectiveness of the system (i.e., its ability to distinguish relevant
from non-relevant documents) may also be improved.  In this paper a
probabilistic model of cluster searching  based on query classification is
described.  This model is tested with retrieval experiments which indicate
that it can be more effective than heuristic cluster searches and cluster
searches based on other models.  It can also be more effective than a full
search in which every document is compared to the query.  The efficiency
aspects of the implementation of the model are discussed.
.I 66
.W
    Current online library network technology is described, including the
physical and functional aspects of networks.  Three types of networks are
distinguished:  search service (e.g., SDC, Lockheed), customized service
that provide bibliographic files (e.g., OCLC, Inc., RLIN), and service
center (e.g., NELINET, INCOLSA).  It is predicted that as technology
evolves more services will be provided outside the library directly to the
user through his home or office.
.I 67
.W
    An experimental computer program has been developed to classify
documents according to the 80 sections and five major section groupings of
Chemical Abstracts (CA).  The program uses pattern recognition techniques
supplemented by heuristics.  During the "training" phase, words from
pre-classified documents are selected, and the probability of occurrence
of each word in each section of CA is computed and stored in a reference
dictionary.  The "classification" phase matches each word of a document
title against the dictionary and assigns a section number to the document
using weights derived from the probabilities in the dictionary.  Heuristic
techniques are used to normalize word variants such as plurals, past
tenses, and gerunds in both the training phase and the classification
phase.  The dictionary lookup technique is supplemented by the analysis of
chemical nomenclature terms into their component word roots to influence
the section to which the documents are assigned.  Program performance and
human consistency have been evaluated by comparing the program results
against the published sections of CA and by conducting an experiment with
people experienced in the assignment of documents to CA sections.  The
program assigned approximately 78% of the documents to the correct major
section groupings of CA and 67% of the correct sections or cross-references
at a rate of 100 documents per second.
.I 69
.W
    The Use of a minicomputer in various phases of creating the thesaurus
for the National Information Center for Special Education Materials
(NICSEM) database is described.  The minicomputer is used to collect,
edit, and correct candidate thesaurus terms.  The use of the minicomputer
eases the process of grouping terms into files of similar concepts and
facilitates the generation of products useful in vocabulary review and in
term structuring.  Syndetic relations, indicated by assigning coded
identification numbers, are altered easily in the design phase to reflect
restructuring requirements.  Because thesaurus terms are already in machine-
readable form, it is simple to prepare print programs to provide permuted,
alphabetic, hierarchical, and chart formatted term displays.  Overall, the
use of the minicomputer facilitates initial thesaurus entry development by
reducing clerical effort, editorial staff decisions, and overall processing
times.
.I 71
.W
    A new method is described to extract significant phrases in the title
and the abstreact of scientific or technical documents.  The method is
based upon a text structure analysis and uses a relatively small dictionary.
The dictionary has been constructed based on the knowledge about concepts
in the field of science or technology and some lexical knowledge.  For
significant phrases and their component items may be used in different
meanings among the fields.  A text analysius approach has been applied to
select significant phrases as substantial and semantic information carriers
of the contents of the abstract.

    The results of the experiment for five sets of documents have shown
that the significant phrases are effectively extracted in all cases, and
the number of them for every document and the processing time is fairly
satisfactory.  The information representation of the document, partly
using the method, is discussed with relation to the construction of the
document information retrieval system.
.I 76
.W
    This paper discusses the origins of library networks and traces their
development in the United States in the late 1960s through the present.
The concept of resource sharing, with particular attention to the inter-
library loan and programs for the cooperative acquisition and storage of
materials, is examined in relationship to library networks.  In particular,
attention is given to the question of how these two major components of
library cooperation, which have tended to be separate, might become more
closely integrated.
.I 79
.W
    Algorithms are given to process partially specified queries in a
compressed database system.  The proposed methods handle effectively
queries that use either whole words or word fragments as language elements.
The methods are compared and critically evaluated in terms of the design
and retrieval costs.  The analyses show that the method which exploits the
interdependence of fragments as well as the relevance of fragments to
records in the file has maximum design cost and least retrieval cost.
.I 81
.W
    The lexical problems in large information systems are created by the
necessity of handling a great number of names and their interrelations.
Such lexical problems are not covered completely by the concept data
dictionaries, which are mostly concerned with database scheme design rather
than the execution of operations.  In this paper we introduce our view of a
lexical subsystem as a separate component in an information system architecture,
to deal with linguistic and control functions concerning the lexical problems
in local and network environments.  The lexical suybsystem is a special
efficiently organized program package, which plays the role of a "linguistic
filter" in a broad sense for lexically incorrect queries, promotes integration
of databases and information retrieval systems, and facilitates the creation
of local information systems.  We hope that lexical subsystems can become
productive for any large, especially distributed, information system.
.I 82
.W
    The relational model has received increasing attention during the
past decade.  Its advantages include simplicity, consistency, and a sound
theoretical basis.  In this article, the naturalness of viewing information
retrieval relationally is demonstrated.  The relational model is presented,
and the relational organization of a bibliographical database is shown.
The notion of normalization is introduced and first, second, third, and
fourth normal forms are demonstrated.  Relational languages are discussed,
including the relational calculus, relational algebra, and SEQUEL.
Numerous examples pertinent to information retrieval are presented in these
relational languages.  Advantages of the relational approach to information
retrieval are noted.
.I 84
.W
    A technique is described for automatic reformulation of boolean
queries.  Based on patron relevance judgements of an initial retrieval,
prevalence measures are derived for terms appearing in the retrieved set
of documents that reflect a term's distribution among the relevant and
non-relevant documents.  These measures are then used to guide the
construction of a boolean query for a subsequent retrieval.  To illustrate
the technique, a series of tests is described of its application to a small
data base in an experimental environment.  Results compare favourably with
feedback as employed in a SMART-type system.  MOre extensive testing is
suggested to validate the technique.
.I 90
.W
    Many information scientists are concerned with the operation of
document retrieval systems serving scientists in various fields.  The
scientists served by these systems are often members of what have been called
invisible colleges, groups of scientists in frequent communication with
one another and involved with highly specialized subject matters.  Often
such groups are considered to share an intellectual perspective regarding
this subject matter, which is sometimes referred to as a paradigm.

    The purpose of this paper is to show how it is possible to identify
paradigms, using the techniques of citation analysis.  I will operationalize
the notion of paradigm as a 'consensual structure of concepts in a field.'
Suppose we have obtained a set of papers pertaining to some topic.  Already
knowing something about the field, we read each text and mark passages in
which certain specific concepts are used or discussed.  For example, we
might find that a concept designated 'A' appears in some sub-set of the
papers.  Suppose further that we identify those papers in which concepts 'A'
and 'B' are used together in the same papers in a certain specified manner.
Clearly not all concepts will combine in a natural way, and not all authors
combining concepts 'A' and 'B' will do so in the same way, though some
predominant mode may emerge.  For a set of n concepts their structure is
given by the totality of admissible combinations of concepts taken from
two to n at a time.  The frequency with which a given combination occurs
in the sample of papers on the topic is a measure of the degree of consensus
regarding the particular concept combination within the corpus.  For
concepts taken two at a time, the structure can be displayed as a graph with
concepts as nodes and the relations between them represented as lines (arcs)
connecting the nodes.  This definition of concept structure is
similar to the semantic network of artificial intelligence except that in
our approach a measure of consensus weights each arc of the graph.
.I 92
.W
    The number of databases, records contained in databases and the online
use of databases has increased dramatically over the past several years,
bringing the 1979 totals for bibliographic, bioliographic-related, and
natural language databases to 528.  These 528 databases contain 148 million
records.  Some 4 million online searches were conducted via the major U.S.
and Canadian systems in 1979.
.I 95
.W
    A major deficiency of traditional Boolean systems is their inability to
represent the varying degrees to which a document may be written on a subject.
In this article we isolate a number of criteria that should be met by any
Boolean system generalized to have a weighting capability.  It is proven that
only one weighting rule satisfies these conditions--that associated with fuzzy-
set theory--and that this weighting scheme satisfies most of the other
properties associated with Boolean algebra as well.  Probabilistic weighting
is then introduced as an alternative approach and the two systems compared.
In the limit of zero/one weights, all systems considered converge to
traditional Boolean retrieval.
.I 96
.W
    Several papers have appeared that have analyzed recent developments
in the problem of processing, in a document retrieval system, queries expressed
as Boolean expressions.  The purpose of this paper is to continue that analysis.
We shall show that the concept of threshold values resolves the problems
inherent with relevance weights.  Moreover, we shall explore possible evaluation
mechanisms for retrieval of documents, based on fuzzy-set-theoretic
considerations.
.I 97
.W
    There has been a good deal of work on information retrieval systems that
have continuous weights assigned to the index terms that describe the records
in the database, and/or to the query terms that describe the user queries.
Recent articles have analyzed retrieval systems with continuous weights of
either type and/or with a Boolean structure for the queries.  They have also
suggested criteria which such systems ought to satisfy and record evaluation
mechanisms which partially satisfy these criteria.  We offer a more careful
analysis, based on a generalization of the discrete weights.  We also look
at the weights from an entirely different approach involving thresholds, and
we generate an improved evaluation mechanism which seems to fulfill a larger
subset of the desired criteria than previous mechanisms.  This new mechanism
allows the user to attach a "threshold" to the query term.
.I 98
.W
    Online retrieval systems may be difficult to use, especially by end
users, because of heterogeneity and complexity.  Investigations have concerned
the concept of a translating computer interface as a means to simplify access
to, and operation of, heterogeneous bibliographic retrieval systems and
databases.  The interface allows users to make requests in a common language.
These requests are translated by the interface into the appropriate commands
for whatever system is being interrogated.  System responses may also be
transformed by the interface into a common form before being given to the
users.  Thus, the network of different systems is made to look like a single
"virtual" system to the user.  The interface also provides instruction and
other search aids for the user.  The philosophy, design, and implementation
of an experimental interface named CONIT are described.
.I 99
.W
    The evaluation of the concept of a translating compuyter interface for
simplifying operation of multiple, heterogenous online bibliographic
retrieval systems has been undertaken.  An experimental retrieval system,
named CONIT, was built and tested under controlled conditions with
inexperienced end users.  A detailed analysis of the experimental usages
showed that users were able to master interface operation sufficiently well
to find relevant document references.  Success was attributed, in part,
to a simple command language, adequate online instruction, and a simplified
natural-language, keyword/stem approach to searching.  It is concluded that
operational interfaces of the type studied can provide for increased usability
of existing system in a cost effective manner, especially for searchers.
Furthermore, more advanced interfaces based on improved instruction and
automated search strategy techniques could further enhance retrieval
effectiveness for a wide class of users.
.I 100
.W
    This paper notes the benefits accruing from interaction between computerized
retrieval systems and micrographic retrieval systems.  It reviews current state
of automated micrographic retrieval technology.  The conclusion is that with a
combination of advances in communications technology, and sophisticated indexing
input from libraries and information scientists, the new generation of automated
micrographs devices may constitute the on-line document retrieval systems of the
future.
.I 101
.W
    Conventional information retrieval processes are largely based on data
movement, pointer manipulations and integer arithmetic; more refined retrieval
algorithms may in addition benefit from substantial computational power.

    In the present study a number of parallel processing methods are described
that serve to enhance retrieval services.  In conventional retrieval
environments parallel list processing and parallel search facilities are of
greatest interest.  In more advanced systems, the use of array processors
also proves beneficial.  Various information retrieval processes are examined
and evidence is given to demonstrate the usefulness of parallel processing
and fast computational facilities in information retrieval.
.I 102
.W
    The frequency characteristics of terms in the documents of a collection
have been used as indicators of term importance for content analysis and
indexing purposes.  In particular, very rare or very frequent terms are
normally believed to be less effective than medium-frequency terms.  Recently
automatic indexing theories have been devised that use not only the term
frequency characteristics but also the relevance properties of the terms.
The major term-weighting theories are first briefly reviewed.  The term
precision and term utility weights that are based on the occurrence
characteristics of the terms in the relevant, as opposed to the nonrelevant,
documents of a collection are then introduced.  Methods are suggested for
estimating the relevance properties of the terms based on their overall
occurrence characteristics in the collection.  Finally, experimental
evaluation results are shown comparing the weighting systems using the term
relevance properties with the more conventional frequency-based methodologies.
.I 104
.W
    This paper tackles the problem of how one might select further search terms,
using relevance feedback, given the search terms in the query.  These search
terms are extracted from a maximum spanning tree connecting all the terms in the
index term vocabulary.  A number of different spanning trees are generated from
a variety of association measures.  The retrieval effectiveness for the
different spanning trees is shown to be approximately the same.  Effectiveness
is measured in terms of precision and recall, and the retrieval tests are done
on three different test collections.
.I 109
.W
    It is shown that the mapping of a particular area of science, in this
case information science, can be done using authors as units of analysis and
the cocitations of pairs of authors as the variable that indicates their
"distances" from each other.  The analysis assumes that the more two authors
are cited together, the closer the relationship between them.  The raw data
are cocitation counts drawn online from Social Scisearch (Social Sciences
Citation Index) over the period 1972-1979.  GThe resulting map shows
(1) identifiable author groups (akin to "schools") of information science,
(2) locations of these groups with respect to each other, (3) the degree of
centrality and peripherality of authors within groups, (4) proximities of
authors within group and across group boundaries ("border authors" who seem
to connect various areas of research), and (5) positions of authors with
respect to the map's axes, which were arbitrarily set spanning the most
divergent groups in order to aid interpretation.  Cocitation analysis of
authors offers a new technique that might contribute to the understanding of
intellectual structure in the sciences and possibly in other areas to the
extent that those areas rely on serial publications.  The technique
establishes authors, as well as documents, as an effective unit in
analyzing subject specialties.
.I 111
.W
    An automated document clustering procedure is described which does not
require the use of an inter-document similarity matrix and which is independent
of the order in which the documents are processed.  The procedure makes use of
an initial set of clusters which is derived from certain of the terms in the
indexing vocabulary used to characterise the documents in the file.  The
retrieval effectiveness obtained using the clustered file is compared with that
obtained from serial searching and from use of the single-linkage clustering
method.
